CustomComponent override for preSubmitInfo form hook (#217)
department-of-veterans-affairs/veteran-facing-services-tools: packages/documentation/src/pages/forms/available-features-and-usage-guidelines.mdx

* `field`: The name of the form field for the required checkbox. This field has the value `true` in the submitted form data.
* `label`: A text string or React element that labels the checkbox.
* `error`: A text string or React element displayed as an error message if the user attempts to submit the form without checking the checkbox.

> * `CustomComponent`: A React element that will replace the default [`PreSubmitSection`](https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/vets-website/blob/f6a5a742b870869550ab2f5af72428353a5a89da/src/platform/forms-system/src/js/components/PreSubmitSection.jsx#L5) component.

Reviewer: If you want to follow suit with `CustomComponent`, it looks like the `notice` and `required` options all have "(Optional)" in their descriptions.

Author: Will make a prop table

> 

Reviewer 2: I know you're linking to a code example, but it might be nice to also include the function properties here

- `sectionCompleted` - call back function
- `showError` - boolean?
- `preSubmitInfo` - object (see below)
- `checked` (boolean)

Author: Sure can make a prop table!

> * `CustomComponent`: A React element that will replace the default [`PrivacyAgreement`](https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/vets-website/blob/master/src/platform/forms/components/PrivacyAgreement.jsx) inside the [SubmitController](https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/vets-website/tree/master/src/platform/forms-system/src/js/review/SubmitController.jsx) component.

Reviewer 3: Now it's the `PreSubmitSection` this overrides, not the `PrivacyAgreement`.

Author: Corrected

* `field`: The name of the form field for the required checkbox. This field has the value `true` in the submitted form data.
* `label`: A text string or React element that labels the checkbox.
* `error`: A text string or React element displayed as an error message if the user attempts to submit the form without checking the checkbox.

> * `customComponent`: An override component that will replace the default "PrivacyAgreementTemplate" inside the preSubmitInfo component.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* `customComponent`: A React element that will replace the default [`PrivacyAgreement`](https://github.com/department-of-veterans-affairs/vets-website/blob/master/src/platform/forms/components/PrivacyAgreement.jsx) inside the `preSubmitInfo` component.
```

  field: 'privacyAgreementAccepted',
  label: <span>I have read and accept the <a href="/privacy">privacy policy</a>.</span>,
  error: 'You must accept the privacy policy before continuing',
  // optional override
  CustomComponent: CustomPreSubmitComponent
}
```

> #### Default `PrivacyAgreement`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Default `PrivacyAgreement`
```

![Required checkbox before form submission](../../images/forms/Required-Checkbox.jpg)

> #### `CustomComponent` example

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### `CustomComponent` example
```

![Required checkbox before form submission](../../images/forms/preSubmitInfo-customComponent.jpeg)

> #### Usage guidelines

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### Usage guidelines
```
Looks like we actually skipped a heading level for all these. :man_facepalming: The one above this is
```md
## Required checkbox before form submission
```

If you don't specify a `preSubmitInfo` section, no notice or checkbox appears above the submit button. Most applications will want to give some sort of notice to the user before they submit the form. Although this section is optional, we recommend you specify it.

> `sectionCompleted` is a function which expects a single boolean parameter indicating when all conditions of your `CustomPreSubmitComponent` are met. If not toggled to true form will not submit.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`sectionCompleted` is a function which expects a single boolean parameter indicating when all conditions of your `preSubmitInfo.CustomComponent` are met. Until `sectionCompleted` is called with `true`, the form will not submit.
```

> `sectionCompleted` is a function which expects a single boolean parameter indicating when all conditions of your `preSubmitInfo.CustomComponent` are met. Until `sectionCompleted` is called with `true`, the form will not submit.

Reviewer: Might just be my OCD, but I like eliminating any chance of confusion. I'd rewrite the beginning of the line to say: 
"`sectionCompleted` is a function provided by `preSubmitInfo` which expects a single boolean parameter..."

  field: 'privacyAgreementAccepted',
  label: <span>I have read and accept the <a href="/privacy">privacy policy</a>.</span>,
  error: 'You must accept the privacy policy before continuing',
  customComponent: ImportedCustomComponent
}
```

> #### default PrivacyAgreementTemplate:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### Default `PrivacyAgreement`
```

![Required checkbox before form submission](../../images/forms/Required-Checkbox.jpg)

> ### example of customComponent override:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
#### `customComponent` example
```

![Required checkbox before form submission](../../images/forms/preSubmitInfo-customComponent.jpeg)

> #### Usage guidelines

Reviewer 3: Does the `customComponent` need to do anything in particular?

For example, if I wanted my `customComponent` to require the user to select a certain item from a `<select>`, what do I need to know to make that happen?

Author: Good catch, adopted all your title suggestions, will be more descriptive about how to handle the select with a customComponent

Author: Updated naming and added description

### Usage guidelines

> * If you don't specify a **PreSubmitSection**, no notice or checkbox appears above the submit button. Most applications will want to give some sort of notice to the user before they submit the form. Although this section is optional, we recommend you specify it.

Author: Yeah I am confusing myself
